May to shall be able to (#238)
rocket-pool/RPIPs: RPIPs/RPIP-46.md

4. `reth_share` SHALL be defined as `100% - reth_commission`
5. Distributions of revenue from borrowed ETH MUST respect the defined shares
   1. If shares change between claims, distributions MUST make an effort to account for the different values. For example, a distribution could use a duration-weighted average share. Approximations MAY be used where they significantly reduce complexity and/or costs.
   2. Legacy minipools are an exception and SHALL continue to support earlier distribution methodologies 

> 6. `node_operator_commission_share`, `surplus_share`, `increase_no_share_seal_increment`, `increase_no_share_seal_count`, and `allowlisted_controllers` SHALL be  be updateable by pDAO vote

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. `node_operator_commission_share`, `surplus_share`, `increase_no_share_seal_increment`, `increase_no_share_seal_count`, and `allowlisted_controllers` SHALL be updateable by pDAO vote
```

> 7. `node_operator_commission_share` and `surplus_share`, SHALL be  be updateable by an address in the `allowlisted_controllers` array

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. `node_operator_commission_share` and `surplus_share`, SHALL be updateable by an address in the `allowlisted_controllers` array
```

owned by the protocol in its treasury or as a result of `surplus_share` buy backs. The voting
eligible RPL target is a range between `vote_eligible_target_min` and `vote_eligible_target_max`
1. Updating `voter_share`:

>    1. A new function SHALL be available to update `voter_share`, which SHALL be callable by anyone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. A permissionless function SHALL be available to update `voter_share`
```

Reviewer: Reword. Everything here is new so don't need the qualifier?
